---
layout: post
title: Dad
date: 2021-04-16
---

import cam from './cam.png';

import young from './young.jpg';

import window from './window.jpg';

<img src={young} width={256} style={{float: "right", margin: "0 0 8px 8px"}} />

Ellis Hans Pedersen (R) -- Hans to his family, Pete to his friends, and Ellis to
the bill collectors -- survived damn near everything except for a bad heart. He
passed away April 8th, 2021 under the watchful gaze of Wendover Will, in
affordable West Wendover, NV. He was 72 years old on the outside, 16 years old
on the inside.

Pete was the fourth child of Ouida Johns and Ellis Hansen Pedersen of Holladay,
Utah. He graduated from Olympus High School despite a 1.4 GPA (we’re rounding
up) and an incident involving his guidance counselor and a game of chicken in
the parking lot. Though he did not attend college, he later held memberships in
Mensa and Intertel, and was included in the 1994 edition of Who’s Who.

After dabbling in taxi driving, air conditioner repair, and used car sales, Pete
had a full career developing multi-tasking software for mainframe IBM computers.
From the kitchen table, he founded multiple companies including a Fortune 1000
publicly traded company (Vision/Blueline Software) with offices around the
world.

Pete regaled his children and grandchildren with tales of international business
meetings conducted over worm tacos in Mexico and lutefisk in Denmark. In his
younger and more limber days, Pete learned to ski with his brothers near the
Pedersen family cabin in Christmas Meadows. Years later, on a business trip and
lacking the proper attire, Pete spent the better part of the day on the slopes
in his three-piece business suit being chased by the ski patrol. Nothing was
beyond this man - he learned to fly single engine airplanes, built a home for
his family from the ground up, authored several books, painted portraits and
still lives, spoke phrases in many languages, and attempted to replicate many
culinary delights. We hope you didn’t try the mayonnaise fruit salad. Taking
after his mother, he was generous to a fault and always willing to help out his
family.

Pete enjoyed a lifetime of “hormone poisoning” and had a deep appreciation for
the female form up until his very last days. He was an ISTJ (Myers-Briggs:
Introverted, Observant, Thinking, and Judging), never found without a button
down pocket shirt, a pack of Marlboro cigarettes, and a book in hand. He was
known to wear shorts and a t-shirt on only one occasion. Later in life he fed
the birds (pigeons are not birds) and was intrigued with theories about aliens
and the Grand Solar Minimum. _Carry a large bat and prepare for winter – you’ve
been warned!_

<img src={cam} />

Friend to motorcyclists, foe to pigeons: Hans was preceded in death by his
parents, his sister Kristen, and brothers Dean and David. Hans is survived by
siblings Cameron (Christopher) Snow, and Corey (Paula) Pedersen. Pete is
survived by his children Daphne Pedersen (Adam Kitzes), Gordon Pedersen (Noel
Taylor), Cameron Pedersen (Kerri Morabito), and Libby Pedersen
(What’s-his-name), as well as ten grandchildren (rounding up), and one
great-grandchild. Ellis is survived by ex-wives Marianne Miller and Shannon
McCarthy.

According to the piece of paper we found in the basket on top of his dresser,
Pete requested that no services be held. When the snow melts, he will be
remembered by his children during a private ceremony in the High Uintas while
playing Desperado by The Eagles. In lieu of flowers, please fill your bird
feeders - but not for the pigeons.

"The journey is from nothing to nowhere, it suits me."

<img src={window} />
